# 1.1 Think About Time

### Some of the time management and productivity ideas that I had learned about were the Pomodoro technique, meditation, and setting goals with rewards for activities or objectives that I complete. I mention these two specifically because currently I have been having issues with managing my time. I have no idea as to how long I should spend on a certain task nor do I set time appropriately for it. What I can say though is that I will be implementing these ideas that I read about. I find that they might answer some questions that I have had for a long time. I will be starting these methods after I finish this assignment actually. Since I have set aside time to complete this activity I will reward myself with something that I like. After the reward I will spend some time meditating. Not sure which method will work for me, but I'm going to give it a try. After I have completed these objectives I will employ them throughout Phase 0 and keep an accurate log as to my progression. And I will be dedication most, if not all of my time to Phase 0 so I can fully grasp the ideas and challenges presented. However so that I do not get overwhelmed with this knowledge intake I will be "Time Boxing" certain activities and research to one to two hour regiments, with twenty-five minute intervals.

# 1.2 The Command Line

### In computing, a shell is an interface for the user to access an operating's services. This interface is a programming language described by the POSIX standard and has many implementations. Bash could be considered one of this but is more of a dialect of the POSIX language. Throughout this assignment I tried using both the Powershell on my computer as well a Git-bash interface. While the PowerShell worked well, I fouund that the Git-bash program was easier to use than the PowerShell. I mention this because the one thing that challenged me was the differences in the way to create and execute files. With that being said the most important commands and arguments one may need to know is how to maneuver directories and create files.

# 1.4 Forking and Cloning

### If I were to instruct someone on how to clone repositories to their computer I would first start with them setting up their command prompt and file location. It can be any file, I prefer to have it on my desktop. Then you set up a GitHub profile. After the profile is set up you would then choose the repository that you wanted to clone. After selecting the repository to be cloned you select the https:// link labled "HTTPS clone URL" on the righthand side of GitHub. Copy that URL and move into your command prompt. Once inside the prompt move into the directory where you want the files to be stored at. Once inside the desired directory, type "git clone <Copied URL>" then hit enter. Your repository has now been cloned into that directory! This is easier and fast than creating a new repository because all the neccessary files are in the copied repository. Lastly the only struggle that I had run into while cloning the repository was the location in which to store the files. Simply put I learned that is does not matter where the files go so long as I know where they went.